Now my school will be two kinds of beans.
How is it
Eyes do not look very different on both sides
FIG phase geureotgoyo
So what about the coffee flavored with this bean ?
One of these is made from two years old rosé.
The other one is coffee made from 4 days old roast beans.
I do not know which way this year.
I 'll taste it myself.
Experts Furukawa until it sounds rather just drink coffee when busy
I'll give it to the public.
Please drink like I serve this time
That's why you can feel coffee aroma stronger.
I'll try.
It's the same taste you usually drink.
Back 5
I do not know, but I think this is fresh.
From here it looks like a little heavy flavor.
It's my feeling. Let me check it out.
얜 This is a year old , and then I chose this one as a living thing.
Neundeyo still finished it two years
And now it's four days now.
The 3 surely tastes a little savory in old coffee
It's funny. It's old.
The're gonna end up bad Kaoru Coffee old need to understand so
Will
And as the best match we'll receive a fresh 30-sour taste in your mouth
I have a lot of sour taste too.
I knew
In fact, the fresher the coffee, the stronger the third place.
I will
But 23b is not the vinegar's 19 hearts and this juice is 1 year old
It is a taste close to freshness, so after drinking it feels fresh and refreshing.
I like that feeling.
What is the taste of fresh coffee?
I think I'm going to do it now.
Most large franchise cafes at the headquarters for the unity of the line masters
Proceed with roasting
So, roasting and coming to the consumer
It may take more than two months
I do not think this coffee is good coffee.
So what is good coffee?
We got the advice of experts and set three criteria
First, how to make coffee with fresh coffee beans freshly roasted in addition origin directly to Parliament
4 Go comes in a way that helps the green beans of good quality, also to producers
There are also six such goodies on the menu that are good for both producers and consumers .
Whether
Is there any country that satisfies such a demanding condition ?